Upgrade request handling: ignore http/2 and optionally ignore websocket (#1661)
Kludex/uvicorn: docs/settings.md

* `--ws-max-size <int>` - Set the WebSockets max message size, in bytes. Please note that this can be used only with the default `websockets` protocol.
* `--ws-ping-interval <float>` - Set the WebSockets ping interval, in seconds. Please note that this can be used only with the default `websockets` protocol.
* `--ws-ping-timeout <float>` - Set the WebSockets ping timeout, in seconds. Please note that this can be used only with the default `websockets` protocol.

> * `--ws-ignore-upgrade` - Will ignore all upgrade requests and instead continue replying with HTTP responses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `--ws-ignore-upgrade` - Will ignore all upgrade requests, and HTTP/1.1 will continue to be used.
```

Author: Done, good catch
